very good to all people I am a machine
this is the third chapter of addons a
great world to discover
in this new chapter we will focus
in the category of add ons action bars
these addons allow us to change the
distribution of our bars
action within the game the add-on by
excellence in this category is called
start from 4 that also appears in the
put 10 among the 100 plus addons
downloaded in the course dotcom
in this video we will learn to configure
and use bartender 4 to get the
maximum performance
but first of all let's clarify the concept
of this video that are the fates of the
barça action category
the addons of the action bars category
they are addons that allow us to change the
location of our action bars
as well as the bags tab and the
Bar talents tab options
missions characters and so on
with these addons we can change
totally our action bars
change your scale your rotation or even
the number of tabs of a bar
concrete as I said before the add-on
par excellence in this category of
addons is the bartender 4 so in
this video we will learn to handle it with
full fluency if this is the first video
you see in this series I advise you
keep an eye on the other videos for
Learn how to install and download our
a2 preferred
when we install they start from 4 and
let's enter the game we will find that
all our bars are
scattered through the center of the
screen but do not panic
we will open the addon options
typing in the chat bar go
below and to do it all more
easy to disable we have all the
action bars except bar 1
done this we will learn to use
each and every one of the options that we
bring this addon for each of the
bars
in the general section of bars
We found some options that already
we found in the general options
of the game for example perform two
actions when the keys are preferred
and not when you stop pressing in addition
we found new options how to use
breeze vehicle interface
when we access the options of a
of the 10 bars opens this new
category of options we can find
four different tabs options
general visibility settings
of status and positioning in options
general we find in the first place the
option to enable or disable the
bar below in the style of
bar layout we can change your
transparency the scale
the spacing between the skills the
number of buttons that bar we can
zoom in on the skills
we can change the number of rows of the
bar making the vertical or horizontal
and we can add growth
vertical up or down
besides a horizontal growth of
left or right
finally the appearance of the buttons
we found two interesting options
hide the text of the macro so that
we have some button that plays a
macro and hide the access key
rapid
The next section is the section of
visibility here we can find
options to hide our bar in
different times or even make it
fade for a while if we click
in fade our bar we can
make that in our bar you are
in a minor transparency when not
we have a course about it and that
increase its opacity when the cursor does
that is on her
we can also configure the visibility
of the bar so that at certain times
is hidden for example when
we use a vehicle when we are in
combat when we have a pet
active when we do not have a pet
active or even hide the bar when
we are in a state or in a way
determined
tab configuration state
we will find some options
specific to the warrior simply
what the bar does is change the
skills page when changing a
been to another
finally on the positioning tab
What we can do is change the
location of the bar one more way
accurate
once all this is known my advice to the
time to form your own interface
bars is that you go enabling each
bar one by one and go configuring
little by little
remember that in order to move your
barriers you will need to unlock the
also from the add-on itself you have a
option to give you the keys
Well, everyone, it's easy
I hope this chapter has served you
much and if so I'd like to
you will leave your comment in the section of
comments of this same video that you
you like it and finally that what
add to your favorites to be able
share it with your followers and even
so I can review it later by
last I invite you to subscribe to this
channel if you liked the content that
you just saw and how not to my channel
personal dry clothes because what
I share with your friends
thank you very much for watching the video and we
we see in the next one until next time
this video is part of the way movement
sponsored by tgn for more information
visit tgn tv